Transcarpathian leader wooh or they are kind
mobilizing a friend to anti-rating
Ivano-Frankivsk region semi here you
man down is yes all komati
fly away at the headquarters correspondent cash
di natalia Pharma fait kolo solo on
Carpathian region
down to the bottom and lost a magazine in person
know the man of the ground vick
dig someone to carry not just they
English motive opponent they
reporters goal on the floor you are us plum
has long Bring a minute behind a cordon in fact still
ladies in the world left less than two dozen
bus with potential
mobilized in rural volosts
well puppy is tito
man i'm all and trap top on
we discussed the place to check with Cube on
will cut like someone in Europe
And who in Russia man on waist mainland
vs
near Khabarovsk Dutch Rick contract
the hip will be still at doctors extremely demchenko
not caught by nonsense kept working
dumb for him
to get there and wait for russia from steam
the problem and you can be here in Russia and others
moves for someone go high on
Russia without our center
again breakdowns however tepper
the most popular route to the euro is put there
go and because without it handed over to it and
kind of prize jaroslav janaba forests i'm all
my agenda will be safe to give at
view of the outflow of all the droplet until my and
Oak me waste it 226 bus with
man and the internet gudyma
sensational massive meet look
mobilization squad workers for
chained to the lady
their people are not deserters our people
so most eaten vegan union rides on
work on related I won't kill a gun and
bayan Aida from the evidence will not come to men
the company is pleased and effort to confirm
a guy with 10 topics salazar bichan then we
handed the agenda to the temple from the problem here
and zamorenova hour
at large and when the motive is for the season
strong will not come from the studio of networks that
now chops and you decide in the regional
the whole godfather di1 buy from mobilization
pictures of francs ladies like a zapp
vanishes I think that there I am axis template soon
before the day
I admit 10 15 people on and more have
although moved the mind of man better not
at a time checks Tseluyko the whole coffee
Ivano-Frankivsk region Natalya Pharma
100 times Ivankov events channel Ukraine